docs(data-catalog): add sync to data-catalog (#1733)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/data_catalog/data_catalog_agent_setup.mdx

:::tip
Data Catalog Agent is a fundamental component of Data Catalog solution, since it imports, parse and process data schemas
into a format ready for Data Catalog.
:::

## Sync Assets

:::caution
This configuration step is __required__ to display data sources within [the Data Catalog UI](/data_catalog/data_catalog_frontend.mdx).

Without configuring and running it, searching for data assets on Data Catalog __will yield only empty results__.
:::

Once all the data schemas have been imported by _Data Catalog Agent_, it's __required__ to run a separate process to generate all the assets from each data schemas.

A data schema, in fact, consists of at least three different assets:

- `System of Record`: represents the source where the schema is located;
- `Table`: represents the data schema itself;
- `Column`: represents a unique column within a data schema. Therefore, a data schema is linked to a specific asset for each column. 

These assets are kept in a dedicated collection, named `data-catalog-records` and already configured during the [Database Preparation](/data_catalog/database_setup.mdx) step.

### Fabric Sync

> To perform the synchronization between the collections of datasets and assets, the following cronjob has to be configured. In this [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/jobs-cronjob.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform the synchronization between the collection of datasets imported by Data Catalog Agent and the collection of assets useful for Data Catalog application, the following cronjob has to be configured. In this [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/jobs-cronjob.md)
```
